gh-58749: Add test_nonlocal.py to ensure correct behavior of nonlocal statements (#126738)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Documentation/2024-11-12-21-31-39.gh-issue-58749.2fpEYM.rst

> Corrected the language specification to match CPython's behavior: names in a
> `global` statement are only restricted from being used or assigned prior to
> their declaration in scope. Additional limitations previously suggested by
> the spec do not apply in CPython.
> Change by Beomsoo Kim

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.14.0 corrected the language specification for the `global` statement to match
CPython's behavior: names in a `global` statement are restricted from being used
or assigned prior to the declaration statement, but can otherwise be bound using
any valid name binding syntax. The previous text erroneously stated that some
name binding syntax (such as loop iteration variables) could not assign to globals.
Change by Beomsoo Kim
```
